Modern experiments and observations have shown that average fitness and selection strength can vary over time and space. This begs the question: as average fitness increases, does selection strength increase or decrease? The fossil record illustrates how extinction rates have varied through time, with periods of both rapid and slow species turnover. As extinction intensity increases, what happens to extinction selectivity? How do trait-associated differences in fitness change as average extinction rate changes over time?

Jablonski observed in 1986 paper that for bivalves at the end-Cretaceous mass extinction event, previous trait-associated differences in survival no longer mattered except in the case of geographic range. Based on this evidence, Jablonski proposed the idea of "macroevolutionary regimes:" that mass extinction and background extinction are fundamentally different processes. However, based on estimates of extinction rates over time, there is no evidence of there being two or more "types" of extinction. This disconnect between the qualitative differences of macroevolutionary modes and the observation of continuous variation in extinction rates implies the possibility of a relationship between the strength of selection (extinction intensity) and the association of traits and differences in fitness (extinction selectivity). 

Using Paleozoic brachiopods as a study system, I developed a model to understand how the average taxon duration (i.e. fitness) can vary over time, to estimate the difference between taxon durations based on their biological traits (i.e. selection), and to measure the amount of correlation between taxon fitness and selection. 

I find evidence for when extinction intensity increases, selection strength on geographic range also increases. I also find a non-linear relationship between environmental preference for epicontinental versus open-ocean environments and taxon duration, where taxa with intermediate or no environmental preference are expected to have greater durations than taxa which appear exclusively in one environment. My analysis supports the conclusions that as extinction intensity increases and average fitness decreases, as happens during a mass extinction, the trait-associated differences in fitness (selection) would increase and be greater than average. In contrast, during periods of low extinction intensity when fitness is greater than average, my model predicts that geographic range and environmental preference are associated with differences in fitness (selection) would decrease and be less than average.

These results present the possibility of a macroevolutionary mechanism which explains the disconnect between the theory of macroevolutionary modes and the reality of contiuous variation in extinction rates.
