Change up the methods section. This mostly means moving stuff from appendix into
the main text. This gives me the opportunity to also really improve my notation
as right now it is a piece of shit mess.

Include better discussion of what I mean by "environmental
preference." This is especially relevant given that I've changed the method to
be more intuitive (though much more expensive computationally). My new measure
of environmental preference is the log-odds of occuring in an epicontinental
environment as estimated from a hierarchial binomial distribution for all taxa
originating at the same time.

I need to check to see what effect "sampling" has on observed duration. Foote
suggested an approach like is '08 paper: correlation between duration and
geographic range, then partial correlation between duration and geographic range
given average number of observations per stage. An additional option is include
average number of observations per stage as a covariate and compare the
maginitude/direction of its effect versus the other covariates of interest.
Could also include an interaction term with geographic range.

I also need to appeal to the Evolution/biologist readership. The editor was
sceptical this my paper is relevant to its audience, but is willing to give me
a shot. This means that my introduction and discussion need an overhaul. This is
also the opportunity to start making statements of macroevolution as a field of
study and not a phenomenon/process. It is the analysis of the pattern of
selection (e.g. fossil record, phylogeny) in order to estimate the selection
process that generated that pattern. 

In my discussion, I use a lot of arbitrary/post-hoc explainations for the
reversed pattern (e.g. claiming linearity). I should really test this or provide
a better measure of this...maybe just focus on the estimate of the squared term.

